hey guys and welcome to today's episode
of the hub today is Thursday April 23rd
2015 let's see what's going on around
the office today for the highlights of a
brand new series for you guys I'm
editing it Jordans the main guy and it's
pretty great it's called toy chest go
check it out we review toys and we'll
see how long they actually last we're
going to be looking through all these
different kinds of toys and we're going
to be you know going over them to see if
they really cut what good James is
playing the escapists honest channle
trying to break free from jail he's
trying to stab people with his little
toothbrush shank just wants to make it
out alive
they're gonna fire my ass who the fuck
cares you know who the fuck cares I'm
gonna work out I don't care
fuck that I'm not fucking doing laundry
anymore I don't need to and on Alex's
channel he's playing bully
he's kicking some ass ground-and-pound
oh he charged out of it what a beast
don't throw an egg am i are you kidding
me threw an egg at my face bro fuckin
open the package already okay fan mail
James Frey jr. sent us something look at
that look at this what is this James
Frey jr. he's from Phoenix Arizona he
washe just a while ago and he's been
hooked ever since
oh I think they're x-ray it's to look
down at yourself it's first-person yeah
that's pretty cool
holy shit that's oh this is really oh
shit this is like really fucking crazy
oh damn we got first-person classes here
I feel like I'm playing like surgeon
simulator but like it's real like
these are awesome oh oh man really
curious to see what their crazy
okay invent something's a little bit off
the GTA first-person mode okay but this
is with it no no yeah oh this is amazing
we can even go through the rest of the
box like do you don't matter
get some parkour in here it's kind of
disorienting yeah no I think there needs
to be something to block out a little
bit of edge oh my good oh okay
holy shit oh my god this guy sent us a
box cutter what the fuck for for Jordan
okay
hyun-jin supposed to be at night he'd
send you at night this is really weird
what the fuck oh shit there's no depth
perception to this oh here we go
and that 80s 80s what does that mean
80s advanced 80s in down the sights then
oh I was doing that already so this is
this is regular stance I was already
aiming down sight okay so this is that's
what else in the fuck right so Kevin how
about a throw back the original call of
duty oh my god the original call of duty
Wow look at that
that was it's not even like the
remastered one amos got the wisdom of
the irish a concise anthology Jack Scott
authentic AZ dirt and foliage is this
from Arizona yeah a Batmobile that's on
top of a car oh I got a bird Spencer got
some kind of weird bird I got a bird
artist Joe got some paint out how long
does that red mother probably James what
did you get
James parking only worked this looks so
you got a pretty cool gift what is that
get air to Empire Star Wars look ain't
gonna read that don't even know how to
read that I think we need to make a sure
I think the only a pair of those and we
should make it short where it's just
like everybody's in those glasses have
to run obstacle courses those long yeah
no one can chop you right in the Edit
down
Jesus look like an idiot
yep so we'll send you your said to your
fan mail to the link and the address
thank you thank you so much so that's
just gonna be about it for today's hub
it's been a fantastic day hopefully
you'll join us tomorrow for another hub
make sure to get those green screen
submissions end of me form of me flying
and tune in for Creech talk this
Saturday and yeah just a whole bunch of
stuff go on make sure to follow us on
Twitter like us on Facebook check us out
on Instagram go over to the website the
the website the creature up comm and
that's about it we'll see you guys
tomorrow on the hub